Add advanced blocks configuration section to README (#42)
vtex-apps/product-list: docs/README.md

  }
```

### Advanced Configuration

> The `product-list` block is made up of other smalled blocks. Currently, its default implementation is as follows (props omited):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `product-list` block is made up of other smaller blocks. Currently, its default implementation is as follows (props omitted):
```
